Marketing Team (Sarah):   Sarah is from LA and has a real interest in twisted products that really have no point. She's curious which pointless items have the most potential. Little do they know, Dragon Meat is her personal brand, and harvested with her bare hands. Although seemingly and innocent Californian girl,in reality she is a savage Viking from the past who has come to the future to sell the meat of her dragon slaying days. She hopes that future humans will grow a taste for Dragon meat so that she can go back in time to start a lucrative time traveling meat business. 

Marketing Team (Hal): Hal is Sarah's boss, and is madly in love with her. He was put in charge of finding the items that the participant will choose from. He knew Sarah was a real weirdo and total from another world, little does he know, shes a Viking from the past! Hal loves bingo, pottery, riding his Harley and heavy metal. Hal is so metal, he once rode his harley naked through downtown Portland while spraying silver paint in his mouth yelling, "witness me!" Then he hopped off his bike and a terrorized the patrons at the local Star Bucks. Hal is so metal his hair has tiny little blades attached to the tips. Bob is so metal he once flew to London just punch the Queen and yell, "anarchy in the UK!" Hal and Sarah are meant for each other, and one day will have savage little Dragon slaying Metal babies. 

Participant (Bob):   Bob is down on his luck and lives out of his car. After his wife left him for his brother, he had to move out, especially since she was the bread winner and he spent all of his time eating cheetos and playing Dungeons and Dragons. Bob saw in add in the paper for a paid gig to look at some items he can't afford. The real selling point was free snacks, Bobs really here for the free snacks. 
